Does the mandated offer for the state TX, Infertility Services needs Prior Authorization?	"Yes, the mandated offer for Infertility Services for the state of Texas requires Prior Authorization.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	"Yes, the mandated offer for Infertility Services in the state of Texas requires Prior Authorization.
This applies to both Small and Large Group lines of business for HMO and INS licenses with UnitedHealthcare and UnitedHealthcare Expatriate organizations.
The mandate specifies coverage for in-vitro fertilization services under the direction of a Physician in a qualified medical facility. Benefits are available if the fertilization of the covered person's oocytes is made with the patient's spouse's sperm and they have a history of infertility of at least five years, or other less costly treatments have not been successful, or the infertility is associated with conditions like Endometriosis, DES exposure, fallopian tube issues, or Oligospermia.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	passed		23.27	0.5	0	The Actual Output includes extensive additional information not present in the Expected Output, such as coverage details, conditions for benefits, and organizations involved. These additions alter the scope and meaning of the response, violating strict alignment requirements. The source ID matches correctly, but the excessive fabricated details result in a complete misalignment with the Expected Output.	failed
What business segment there is for state mandated offer for the state TX, Speech and Hearing Impairment	"For the state of Texas, the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment is available for the following business segments:
Small Group
Large Group

This mandate requires coverage for services determined by a physician as treatment for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing. Covered services include developmental and educational speech and hearing therapy, as well as hearing aids and associated fitting costs.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf
Additionally, there is a state mandated offer for Developmental Delay which includes coverage for speech therapy evaluations and services for the Large Group business segment.
Source: 0057a25e-6389-4a82-a0b8-47dab51ccc4a"	"The business segments for the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment in Texas are Small Group and Large Group.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	passed		24.48	0.5	0	The Actual Output omits key details from the Expected Output, such as coverage specifics for the Speech and Hearing Impairment mandate, additional information about the Developmental Delay mandate, and its associated business segment. While the business segments match, the omission of critical numeric and descriptive details severely impacts completeness and correctness.	failed
What is the end effective date for state mandated offer for the state TX, Speech and Hearing Impairment	I'm sorry, but I couldn't find the information you're looking for.	"I'm sorry, but I couldn't find an end effective date for the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment in Texas. There is no end effective date associated with this mandate.
Here are the details of the mandate I found:
Services required (as determined by the Physician) as treatment for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing. Covered Health Care Services include developmental and educational speech and hearing therapy. Benefits are also available for hearing aids and costs associated with the fitting of hearing aids as described under Hearing Aids above. Effective 7/1/2021 this is standard coverage for LG. ST is unlimited on SG due to being EHB.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	passed		34.19	0.5	0	The Actual Output includes fabricated and irrelevant details, such as plan codes, coverage benefits, and an effective date that were not mentioned or required in the Expected Output. Additionally, the Actual Output contradicts the Expected Output by providing information that is not supported, violating strict alignment with the evaluation steps.	failed
What is the COC/SBN Variability for state mandated offer for Texas with benefit category Infertility Services	"The COC/SBN Variability for the state mandated offer for Texas with the benefit category of Infertility Services is N/A.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	"The COC/SBN Variability for the state mandated offer for Infertility Services in Texas is N/A.
Source: State Mandated Offer"	passed		26.39	0.5	0	The Actual Output omits the required plan code '8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881' which is explicitly present in the Expected Output. This omission constitutes a critical missing numeric/ID detail, violating the evaluation criteria for correctness and completeness.	failed
What are the other benefit category for state mandated offer for Texas with benefit category Infertility Services	"For state-mandated offers in Texas, other than Infertility Services, the following benefit categories are available:
Developmental Delay
This category includes rehabilitative and habilitative services that are determined to be necessary and provided in accordance with an individualized family service plan. Covered services include occupational, physical, and speech therapy evaluations and services, as well as dietary or nutritional evaluations.
Source: 0057a25e-6389-4a82-a0b8-47dab51ccc4a

Speech and Hearing Impairment
This includes services required for the treatment for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing. It covers developmental and educational speech and hearing therapy, as well as hearing aids and the costs associated with their fitting.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	"Based on the information I found, the other benefit categories for state mandated offers in Texas, besides Infertility Services, are:
Developmental Delay
Speech and Hearing Impairment"	passed		22.99	0.5	0	The Actual Output lacks critical details from the Expected Output, such as descriptions of benefit categories and associated services, as well as the specific source IDs. Additionally, the Actual Output provides incomplete information without the necessary elaboration or numeric identifiers, resulting in significant shortcomings in correctness and completeness.	failed
What is the ASO Mandate for state mandated offer for Texas with benefit category Infertility Services	I'm sorry, but I couldn't find the information you're looking for.	"I'm sorry, but I couldn't find an ASO Mandate for a state-mandated offer in Texas with the benefit category of Infertility Services.
However, I did find a state-mandated offer for Infertility Services in Texas that is not an ASO mandate. Here are the details:
State Mandated Offer (Not ASO)
Description: In vitro fertilization services are offered under specific conditions, including a history of infertility of at least five years, inability to achieve pregnancy through less costly treatments, or infertility associated with conditions like Endometriosis, DES exposure, fallopian tube blockage, or Oligospermia.
State: TX
Effective Date: 01/01/1988
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881

Additionally, there are several Market Mandates for Infertility Services in Texas, none of which are ASO mandates:
Market Mandate 1:
Description: Infertility mandate offer - covered, In vitro Optional Buy Up
State: TX
Effective Date: 01/01/2014
Source: 818c9c1e-1706-46cb-885e-8ee2797af796
Market Mandate 2:
Description: Dollar limits and frequency limits cannot be applied to fertilit"	passed		47.73	0.5	0	The Actual Output introduces fabricated and irrelevant details, including multiple mandates and numeric values that are not present in the Expected Output. This violates the requirement to avoid hallucinated or contradictory information, as no ASO Mandate was requested or expected in the Expected Output.	failed
What organizations there is for state mandated offer for the state TX, Speech and Hearing Impairment	"For the state of Texas, the following organizations have state-mandated offers related to Speech and Hearing Impairment:
UnitedHealthcare
UnitedHealthcare Expatriate

These organizations are associated with mandates covering services such as speech therapy evaluations, hearing aids, and other treatments for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing.
*Source: 0057a25e-6389-4a82-a0b8-47dab51ccc4a"	"For the state-mandated offer in Texas related to Speech and Hearing Impairment, the organization is UnitedHealthcare.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	passed		42.09	0.5	0	The Actual Output omitted one organization (UnitedHealthcare Expatriate) listed in the Expected Output, which directly contradicts the completeness requirement. Additionally, the source ID provided in the Actual Output does not match the Expected Output, violating numeric matching rules. The response is incomplete and contains inaccuracies.	failed
What is the Extraterritorial Details for state mandated offer for Texas with benefit category Infertility Services	"For the state mandated offer in Texas with the benefit category of Infertility Services, the extraterritorial provision is applicable. However, no specific details are available.
The mandate requires coverage for in-vitro fertilization services under the direction of a Physician in a qualified medical facility. These benefits are available when the fertilization of the Covered Person’s oocytes is made with the patient’s spouse’s sperm, and they have a history of infertility of at least five years. This is also available if a successful pregnancy cannot be attained through less costly treatments, or if the infertility is associated with Endometriosis, in utero exposure to DES, blockage or surgical removal of one or both fallopian tubes, or Oligospermia.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	"For the state-mandated offer in Texas concerning Infertility Services, the extraterritorial coverage is applicable. However, no specific details regarding this are available.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	passed		48.21	0.5	0	The Actual Output is missing critical details from the Expected Output, including key information about in-vitro fertilization services, specific conditions for eligibility, and medical requirements. While the source ID matches, the omission of required numeric and descriptive content makes the response incomplete and contradictory to the Expected Output.	failed
What license is there for state mandated offer for the state TX, Speech and Hearing Impairment	"For the state of Texas, there are state mandated offers for Speech and Hearing Impairment with the following licenses:
Speech and Hearing Impairment:
Licenses: INS, HMO
Description: Services required (as determined by the Physician) as treatment for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing. Covered Health Care Services include developmental and educational speech and hearing therapy. Benefits are also available for hearing aids and costs associated with the fitting of hearing aids. This is standard coverage for Large Group as of 7/1/2021 and unlimited for Small Group due to being an EHB.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf

Developmental Delay (includes Speech therapy):
Licenses: HMO, INS
Description: Rehabilitative and habilitative services that are determined to be necessary to, and provided in accordance with, an individualized family service plan issued by the Interagency Council on Early Childhood Intervention. Covered Health Care Services include Speech therapy evaluations and services.
Source: 0057a25e-6389-4a82-a0b8-47dab51ccc4a"	"The license for the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment in the state of Texas is INS, HMO.The license for the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment in the state of Texas is INS, HMO.
This mandate requires coverage for services determined by a Physician as treatment for the loss or impairment of speech or hearing, including developmental and educational speech and hearing therapy. Coverage is also available for hearing aids and the costs associated with their fitting.
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	passed		41.55	0.5	0	The Actual Output is missing key details from the Expected Output such as the description for Developmental Delay, the associated licenses (HMO, INS), and the second source ID (0057a25e-6389-4a82-a0b8-47dab51ccc4a). Additionally, there are duplications of the same response without meaningful additional content, and minor formatting differences that affect completeness and correctness.	failed
What are the Product(s) for state mandated offer for Texas with benefit category Infertility Services	"I couldn't find any specific products listed for the state-mandated offer for Infertility Services in Texas. However, I did find a mandate for Infertility Services in Texas with the following details:
Description: In vitro fertilization services that are provided under the direction of a Physician and performed in a medical facility which conforms to the minimal standards for programs of in vitro fertilization adopted by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. Benefits are available only when the fertilization or attempt at fertilization of the Covered Person’s oocytes is made with the patient’s spouse’s sperm and when the following are true: 
You and your spouse have a history of infertility of at least five years in duration; 
You or your spouse is unable to attain a successful Pregnancy through any less costly applicable infertility treatments; or 
The cause of the infertility is associated with any of the following: 
Endometriosis. 
Exposure in utero to diethylstilbestrol (commonly known as DES). 
Blockage of or surgical removal of one or both fallopian tubes. 
Oligospermia.

This mandate applies to both Small Group and Large Group lines of business for UnitedHealthcare and UnitedHealthcare Expatriate organizations.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	"Hi! I'm BeCCA, the Benefit, Claim and Clinical Assistant. I'm here and ready to help you with your questions about product standards and knowledge library. 
For instance, you can ask something like:
""What are the product standards available for hearing aids under UHC?""
""Which states have mandates for the Mobile Care benefit category, and when are they effective?""
""Provide the coverage details for PSV code R14-002.""
""What are the list of CPT Code of Rapid Whole Genome Sequencing under Biomarker Test?""
""What are state specific mandates for North Dakota?""

While there are no specific products listed for the state mandated offer for Infertility Services in Texas, here are the details of the mandate:
Description: In vitro fertilization services are offered when provided under the direction of a Physician and performed in a medical facility that conforms to the minimal standards for programs of in vitro fertilization adopted by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine. Benefits are available only when the fertilization or attempt at fertilization of the Covered Person’s oocytes is made with the patient’s spouse’s sperm and when the following are true: 
You and your spouse have a history of infertility of at least five years in duration; 
You or your spouse is unable to attain a successful Pregnancy through any less costly applicable infertility treatments; or 
The cause of the infertility is associated wi"	passed		39.99	0.5	0	The Actual Output fails to fully align with the Expected Output. While it mentions the mandate for Infertility Services in Texas, it omits critical details such as the specific causes of infertility (e.g., endometriosis, DES exposure, fallopian tube issues, oligospermia), the applicability to Small Group and Large Group lines of business, and the source ID. Additionally, the Actual Output includes irrelevant introductory text, which detracts from completeness and accuracy.	failed
What states have state mandated offer with benefit category of infertility services	"Based on the information I found, the state that has a state-mandated offer for the benefit category of infertility services is:
Texas (TX)

The mandate requires coverage for in-vitro fertilization services provided under a physician's direction in a qualified medical facility. Benefits are available when the fertilization or attempt is made with the patient's spouse's sperm and other conditions are met, such as a history of infertility of at least five years.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	"Texas has a state mandated offer for Infertility Services.
The mandate specifies coverage for in-vitro fertilization services provided under a physician's direction in a facility that meets the standards of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Benefits are available when:
The fertilization is with the patient's spouse's sperm.
There is a history of infertility of at least five years.
Less costly treatments have not been successful.
The cause of infertility is associated with conditions such as Endometriosis, exposure to DES, blockage or removal of fallopian tubes, or Oligospermia.

This mandate has been in effect since 01/01/1988.
Source: 8cfe39df-4852-4a79-b8ba-dd8585120881"	passed		23.75	0.5	0.05	The ACTUAL_OUTPUT aligns closely with EXPECTED_OUTPUT, correctly identifying Texas as the state with a mandate for infertility services and accurately reflecting the mandate's key conditions, numerical details, and source ID. However, ACTUAL_OUTPUT introduces additional details not present in EXPECTED_OUTPUT, such as specific medical conditions (e.g., Endometriosis, DES exposure) and the mandate's effective date, which are extraneous and could be considered hallucinations as they are not explicitly required.	failed
What is the mandate reason code for state mandated offer for the state TX, Speech and Hearing Impairment	The mandate reason code for the state mandated offer for Speech and Hearing Impairment in Texas is "State Mandate or State Mandated Offer".	"The mandate reason code for the state mandated offer in Texas for Speech and Hearing Impairment is ""State Mandate or State Mandated Offer"".
Source: af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf"	passed		24.49	0.5	0.05	The numeric content and mandate reason code match exactly between Actual Output and Expected Output, ensuring correctness. However, the Actual Output includes an unnecessary source ID ('af4b2f5f-72c5-4bfa-8510-81a55451afbf'), which is not present in the Expected Output, making it a minor deviation.	failed

i am working on this pipeline that checks accuracy of becca v2 chatbot using deepeval geval criteria this this is the geval critera prompt

elif CommonUtils.get_app_name() == CommonConstants.BECCA_V2:
            return """
           Evaluate ACTUAL_OUTPUT against EXPECTED_OUTPUT for correctness and completeness.
            1.0 — All numeric values (copays, deductibles, coinsurance %, plan IDs etc), plan codes,
                   in EXPECTED_OUTPUT appear exactly in ACTUAL_OUTPUT with no missing/extra/altered values. 
                   Formatting differences allowed.
            
            0.5 — Numeric/ID details mostly correct with only minor, non‑meaning‑changing deviations.
            
            0.0 — Any required number, plan code, plan ID, or literal phrase missing, wrong, hallucinated, or contradictory; 
                   or ACTUAL_OUTPUT refuses/errors/contains fabricated details.
            
            RULES:
            • Enforce numeric matching ONLY when EXPECTED_OUTPUT contains numbers.  
              If not, do not require numeric content—extra numbers count as hallucinations only if incorrect or contradictory.
            • If EXPECTED_OUTPUT has no IDs or numeric values, judge purely on meaning.
            • Extra numeric values allowed only if EXPECTED_OUTPUT contains numbers AND meaning is unchanged.
            • Order of IDs/rows irrelevant unless meaning changes.
            • Minor wording/formatting differences allowed; structure changes allowed.
            • Contradictions or invented plan details → 0.0.
            Summary: Be strict with numeric and ID accuracy *when expected*, meaning-based when no numbers appear.
            """
can u check if these are valid failure or false failure and how can i update the prompt if false failure to make it accurate
